Initial Commit For api-03-fetch Objective (#58)
TwilioQuest/twilioquest-api-academy: levels/lovelace_tower/objectives/api-03-fetch/walkthrough.md

# What is fetch?

> Sometimes we want to get data or perform an action on another computer. One common way to do this is by visiting websites. Whenever you visit a website, your computer sends a request. The request's configuration helps determine what happens when the other device receives it. Javascript provides the `fetch` method, which allows you to send such requests to other computers based on a [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL) (Uniform Resource Locator) you provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes we want to get data or perform an action on another computer. One common way to do this is by visiting websites. When you enter a the URL for a website in your web browser, the browser sends a HTTP request to the computer running the website, called the "server". The configuration of a HTTP request tells the server what to do with that request. Usually, when we visit a website from our browser, we send a HTTP GET request, which is a type of request which tells the server we want to "get" the website. 

To send HTTP requests, Javascript provides the `fetch` method. `fetch` lets us configure and send HTTP requests, including those that would let us get the contents of a website from our code! When we send a request with `fetch`, just like in the browser, we use a [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL).
```

If I'm not mistaken, they've learned about HTTP by this point, so I think we can be explicit about these requests

## Using fetch

The `fetch` function takes two arguments, one is the URL that you're sending the request to and the other is the configuration. We'll be focussing on just a few of the configuration options here (the `method` option being among them), but there are [tons of others](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#parameters) to play around with. The `method` option is one of the most important to set when making requests, because it often drastically changes the response you get. You can set `method` to any of these [HTTP Verbs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods), more on that coming up.

## What are HTTP Verbs?

HTTP Verbs (i.e. methods) represent the types of requests you can make. The most commonly used methods are `GET`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `PUT`, and `DELETE`.

- `GET` asks for some sort of data or information from the other device

> - `POST` asks for something to be created by the other device

Reviewer: This is true for REST APIs, but probably not in general. Perhaps it should be:

```suggestion
- `POST` sends data to the other device
```

Author: Very true and something I didn't fully consider! I'll comb through this and the other objectives and reword things a bit

- `PUT` asks for something that exists already to be replaced entirely by the other device with what's being sent in the request
- `PATCH` asks for something that exists already to be updated by the other device using a set of instructions being sent in the request
- `DELETE` asks for something to be deleted by the other device

> 

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning that a response should still be sent back by all the requests, not just GET, and those responses can contain data just like GET

Some methods require additional data to be sent along with the request, while others do not. Try experimenting with them to get the hang of things! Now let's take a look at a couple of `fetch` examples:

```js
const response = await fetch("some_url", {
  method: "GET",
});

console.log(response);
```

Notice the `await` keyword here. The `fetch` function is asynchronous and must be awaited or passed a callback via promise chaining. The example is making a fetch request to a fake URL, but any valid URL would work! Also, pay attention to how we're configuring the request -- the second argument we're passing in is an object and our request uses [the properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#parameters:~:text=A%20Request%20object.-,options,-Optional) of that object as the different parts of it's configuration.

```js
const response = await fetch("some_url", {
  method: "POST",
  body: "Hello World",
});

console.log(response);
```

> This example is similar to the last, only this time we're making a `POST` request with another option in our configuration object. This type of request is one that needs data to be sent along with it, and we accomplish that with the `body` property. The example is requesting that another computer create something new using the `Hello World` data we supplied.

Reviewer: Similar comment to above, that POST being for creating something new is probably fairly REST specific language
